Bought into MAPS on Monday following the weed stock pop for a bunch of reasons. I've never really posted here and I'm more of a lurker but hopefully this is enough for y'all to hop in with me. Managed to convince my dad, my roommate, and my roommate's dad to buy in (some equity, some options)

1. **Strong Legislative Potential**
This is the main reason that all of the weed stocks popped on Monday - [MarijuanaMoment obtained and published a draft](https://www.marijuanamoment.net/republican-led-bill-to-legalize-and-tax-marijuana-emerges-as-alternative-to-democratic-measures/) from **Republican Senator** Nancy Mace (R-SC) called the States Reform Act, which in summary aims to deschedule marijuana from the CSA federally, levy a 3.75% tax on marijuana federally, and leave most of the rest to the states. **This is the most important part as it would allow banks to handle transactions involving marijuana.** Descheduling is the pivotal point that the cannabis industry is waiting for. This is in tandem with a recent amendment to a [defense bill amendment](https://www.marijuanamoment.net/senators-defense-bill-amendment-would-legalize-medical-cannabis-for-military-veterans/) that would allow military veterans to use medical cannabis federally, and would also require the VA to investigate the therapeutic potential of medical marijuana. This is also in tandem with a bill sitting on Biden's desk to [let researchers study marijuana from dispensaries](https://www.marijuanamoment.net/senate-votes-to-let-researchers-study-marijuana-from-dispensaries/), designed to support another piece of legislation which seeks to research the effects of driving while high. I could go on about all of the legislative roadblocks that are being cleared, but a Republican led bill being introduced into the house and going on to pass is a very reasonable assertion, especially when [republicans are looking to regain political footing with moderate voters for 2024.](https://www.marijuanamoment.net/strong-majority-of-americans-continues-to-support-marijuana-legalization-at-record-high-level-new-gallup-poll-finds/) If we're not already there, we're close to the cusp of marijuana decriminalization in the US. Even if I were to disregard the federal landscape, Weedmaps already operates in 24 of the 50 states with most of their footing in California as of 6/30/2021, and 36 states have legalized medical marijuana.
2. **A Weed Stock that ISN'T Plant-Touching**
It is TOUGH to invest in weed stocks because the regulatory landscape around them in the United States is so tenuous. However, WeedMaps being software that facilitates the legal distribution allows it to be in a position where increased regulation on cannabis may not affect them, and could even benefit them in some cases. Their performance depends on whether people are interested in participating in the market, and as of right now they are. If marijuana were decriminalized then WeedMaps would theoretically be able to process transactions by themselves for dispensaries with their already existing point of sale capabilities. My personal belief is that only the recreational industry is really vulnerable, and the medical industry could be subject to scrutiny, but is safely shielded from being discontinued or barred altogether - meaning that WeedMaps will always have a customer base. In the worst case scenario that marijuana is outright banned in the United States, WeedMaps would theoretically hold marginally more value than the existing weed companies that would be affected, and would likely be able to relocate/rebase their corporation outside the US.
3. **Huge Margin of Revenue**
As someone who works in SaaS myself, I know how large investors treat the valuation of SaaS companies. Weedmaps currently has a customer base of about 4300 subscribers who pay around $3600/mo for their services. They offer multiple avenues of improving productivity by offering an online storefront to subscribers as well as POS, inventory management, CRM, sales analytics, and many others. Many subscribers have said that WeedMaps is essential to their business and that they see a significant increase in productivity and customer visibility. Weedmaps, Leafly, and all of the companies in this company have one aim, and that's to digitize the marketplace, especially since the marijuana marketplace is already so fragmented. **Weedmaps is the only major industry player in this category that is public now.** Their expenses mostly exist in infrastructure maintenance, hosting, marketing, and personnel. Their fixed cost is very low, but their variable cost is something that they've clearly invested in - it seems their largest costs are always in terms of compensating their employees. The working world, and especially the software world which faces a lot of turnover, knows how important retention is and how much value that institutional knowledge can add to an organization. Taking a closer look at their most recent [10Q](https://ir.weedmaps.com/static-files/1a380b07-10c9-45a5-be81-0f1c74826a1d), you can see that their largest expenses are sales and marketing, product development, and G/A. The massive jump in G/A expense is due to share-based compensation of their personnel - which leads me into my next point
4. **Insider Action**
On August 26, 2021, several stakeholders in Weedmaps that held their equity in the form of units of an LLC exercised their options to acquire their units in the form of shares in the new company - for example, [here is Director Tony Acquila's filing converting his shares](https://ir.weedmaps.com/static-files/4c776919-1390-4c18-a76a-bc751f590067). Key stakeholders in the company were acquiring their equity at **what they believed would be a low point for the share price** in the company. It is important to remember that these companies are also involved with the legislators and are willing to throw some money at a campaign if it means improving legalization potential. Their 10Q specifically states 300k for the 6 months ending in 2021, which isn't a ton, but nothing to scoff at. I'm sure if there was hints of legalization or decriminalization nationally, these guys would know pretty quickly, and probably before we do. Also, according to UnusualWhales, there are roughly 13k insider puts vs 41k calls with an IV of 82%, which to me seems like people think it's gonna push upwards.